Added Azure.APIM.MultiRegionGateway (#1911)
Azure/PSRule.Rules.Azure: docs/en/rules/Azure.APIM.MultiRegionGateway.md

---
severity: Important
pillar: Reliability
category: Resiliency and dependencies
resource: API Management
online version: https://azure.github.io/PSRule.Rules.Azure/en/rules/Azure.APIM.MultiRegionGateway/
---

# Multi-region deployment gateways

## SYNOPSIS

API Management instances should have multi-region deployment gateways enabled.

## DESCRIPTION

> Azure API Management supports multi-region deployment. If the *primary* region goes offline, the secondary regions continue to serve API requests using the most recent gateway configuration. If a *region* goes offline, API requests are automatically routed around the failed region to the next closest gateway.

Reviewer: @BenjaminEngeset Each API gateway location is active-active, maybe lets change the working slightly to something like the following unless you have some alternative suggestions.

```suggestion
Azure API Management supports multi-region deployment.
Deploy API Management in multiple locations to:

- Provide active-active redundancy for API gateway requests across Azure regions.
- Serve the request from the closest API gateway region to the original request.

API gateways can be disabled to enabled you to test failover of your API workloads to another region.
When disabled, an API gateway will not route API traffic.
You should reenable API gateways after you have concluded failover testing to ensure that the API gateway is available for failover if another region becomes unavailable.

If a region goes offline, API requests are automatically routed around the failed region to the next closest gateway.
```

## RECOMMENDATION

> Enable multi-region deployment gateways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider enabling each regional API gateway location for multi-region redundancy.
```
